American actress Susan Sarandon arrived
on Capitol Hill to join activists
calling on Congress to push for a
ceasefire in Gaza it's like shooting
fish in a barrel right now with people
stuck and not being able to get out the
hospital's being destroyed sandon joined
the anti-war group code pink to speak
with members of Congress where a bill to
send more US military aid to Israel is
pending democratic congresswoman Rashida
Talib is the only Palestinian American
in Congress she met with the actress
then greeted supporters outside her
office Rashida is
defying everything that they're trying
to silence us about she is standing up
for Palestinian rights only 12% of
Congress publicly support a CE fire
compared to more than 60% of the
American public sanon tried to share
that message with Republican house
Speaker Mike Johnson whose largest
campaign Doner is the pro-israeli group
APAC a member of Johnson's sta staff
spoke with sandon I think you know this
is a little world right
here the way that this works and his
concerns with keeping his job and his
finances coming in whatever but you have
to peek out and see that outside of this
bubble most of the world understands
that there's a genocide happening the US
Senate passed a $4 billion military aid
package to Israel earlier this week that
bill has an uncertain future in the
house though due to Republicans bulking
at the foreign spending the US is
Israel's biggest military supporter
about a dozen other demonstrators were
arrested on Capitol Hill protesting
that this wasn't the first time sandon
has protested in support of Palestinians
to say that you don't have to be
Palestinian the actress was fired by her
talent agency after previous protests in
November some critics claim she's
anti-semitic this doesn't have anything
to do with criticizing Jewish people
this has to do with criticizing uh what
Israel is doing now that's killing so
many people more than 28,000
Palestinians dead and Counting Heidi Joe
Castro Al jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer